oil remains a very important commodity
globally and with its price subdued we
need to ask the question who's next to
fall you came here for the truth let's
answer that question right away the
Rhea to lean on central bank to plug
deficit a mid oil slump so we could see
with the price which has had been
subdued for quite some time now that
countries which are exporting oil are
suffering their currency is devalued
their exports are really hurting and
Algeria is the next one in line to lose
the fight so instead of going towards
the IMF going with the supranational
entities they have decided to actually
engage in monetary easing and follow the
Federal Reserve the ECB the Bank of
Japan and others and it seems like
that's a smarter way than to go ahead
with the IMF because ultimately as they
say in this article that they will not
be able to pay it back that's just the
way it is so what are they going to do
well they're going to exhaust all of
their foreign exchange reserves and
instead they have decided hey let's just
print money like everyone else is doing
nobody can tell us any different so
let's just print it into infinity and
everything was going to be okay well
that's not the case and we'll probably
see Algeria fall before a lot of these
other bigger countries and that's just
going to give us a crystal ball into the
future to determine what's going to
happen when you have these very
dangerous policies that have never been
done before unless in a failure
all right the SMP 500 we're looking at
the basically earnings per share versus
the SMP and when you see this the blue
line being SNP which continues to rise
and lo and behold earnings per share in
is to decline that's because it doesn't
matter anymore we don't want a real
economy all we need is to have central
bank's buying up shares and everything
is just fine
this year the global debt doesn't matter
how you slice it doesn't matter the
calculation you use what numbers you use
what formulas we need to know that
global debt is rising and if you believe
that debt is simply non-existent we owe
it to ourselves there's no repercussions
well we have many historic examples of
why this is false but just look at all
the countries today suffering under debt
look at individuals suffering under
their death and many people believe that
nothing will happen but just look at all
the countries all the states all the
cities which end up doing things like
entitlement reforms so they previously
owed money to let's say a pension fund
or something of that sort and they end
up in getting rid of or at least
reducing the amount that they pay out
and that should be worrisome for a lot
of people and you should understand that
they do have repercussions emerging
market bond universe all this chart
basically shows you is that there
continue to increase at a rapid clip and
this is going on since the year 2000 all
right so the SMP is gained since 2009
tops 1949 to 1956 run to become the
third strongest ever congratulations SMP
you are doing so well at this time many
people don't worry about this but I have
a difference of opinion all you need to
know is that we are going very very
quickly to become the longest streak in
history so eventually it will take that
crown correction risk has increased to
greater than 45% I would say it's
higher but this is actually within the
next three months I don't know about
timing-wise but obviously the percentage
should be higher probability of a
correction beginning within the next
three months so we'll see where that
actually goes I mean timing never seems
to be correct wide dispersion between
asset price inflation and real economy
inflation look at this here asset prices
on the left hand side and real economy
prices so one thing would be the GDP so
the first red tick that you're seeing
there is the GDP compare that to on the
left hand side you'll see the S&P 500 a
grand dispersion in between the two a
chasm has formed and this is ultimately
a failure of the whole monetary system
that shows you it proves it right here
in this chart everything on the left has
set prices
everything on the right things that
matter but of course people don't look
at it that way because they probably
have a lot riding on it
S&P performance is like basically a
graph showing you as some other thing
what I had shown you just showing you
that it's chugging along basically no
blips along the way continue to increase
because the central banks are buying up
the shares SMP is at a record high
that's the green line you're seeing that
red line going down well if I scroll for
you the u.s. hard economic data is
actually at an 80-year low so despite
the fact that we have record highs on
the SMP and everyone's cheering it the
actual data is showing that the economy
is not doing well and in fact it it is
at an 8-year low at this moment doesn't
bother anybody apparently but what else
is new and last but not least here bear
market since 1929 you know I just wanted
to show you this to just give you some
relevance
and when you see that in 1929 for
example there were multiple jobs
throughout the Great Depression total
from top to the bottom I believe was 89
percent but they calculated based on you
know where it had gone up and then gone
down and sort of dead cat bounce and
everything else but you'll see drops of
34 percent 59 percent and so on
but if I scroll for a moment down to the
bottom you'll see October 2007 towards
2008 50 almost 51 percent that is a
serious drop so just imagine where the
SNP is at today if it dropped 50 percent
so if even if we had a crash that was
equivalent to what happened last time
which supposedly the Federal Reserve was
there supposedly all the banking system
was very safe and the structure was
there and yet still the SNP drops 51
percent put that same thing into
perspective today yes everything is
worse but let's just pretend for a
moment that its equivalent of 51 percent
that would be devastating for most
people for the pension funds for
everything else involved so that's all
for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
and don't forget to hit that subscribe
button when you subscribe to me you're
going to get notified of all my videos
which I post basically every single day
so you definitely want to make sure that
you are keeping up with this I cover the
maximum amount of data in the minimum
amount of time that is my goal and I
hope that all of you appreciate that
very much
I'm on YouTube I'm also posting to steam
it all the links for everything you need
to know are in the description of this
video on all my videos that's all
take care